ліс;-;forest;-;A large area covered chiefly with trees and undergrowth.
будинок;-;house;-;A building for human habitation.
книга;-;book;-;A written or printed work consisting of pages glued or sewn together.
машина;-;car;-;A road vehicle, typically with four wheels, powered by an internal combustion engine.
річка;-;river;-;A large natural stream of water flowing in a channel to the sea, a lake, or another such stream.
дорога;-;road;-;A wide way leading from one place to another, especially one with a specially prepared surface.
місто;-;city;-;A large town.
хліб;-;bread;-;Food made of flour, water, and yeast mixed together and baked.
сонце;-;sun;-;The star around which the earth orbits.
місяць;-;moon;-;The natural satellite of the earth, visible (chiefly at night) by reflected light from the sun.
сім'я;-;family;-;A group consisting of parents and children living together in a household.
друг;-;friend;-;A person whom one knows and with whom one has a bond of mutual affection.
школа;-;school;-;An institution for educating children.
вода;-;water;-;A colorless, transparent, odorless liquid that forms the seas, lakes, rivers, and rain.
сніг;-;snow;-;Atmospheric water vapor frozen into ice crystals and falling in light white flakes.
літак;-;plane;-;A powered flying vehicle with fixed wings and a weight greater than that of the air it displaces.
лікар;-;doctor;-;A person who is qualified to treat people who are ill.
літак;-;airplane;-;A powered flying vehicle with fixed wings and a weight greater than that of the air it displaces.
дерево;-;tree;-;A woody perennial plant, typically having a single stem or trunk growing to a considerable height.
кіт;-;cat;-;A small domesticated carnivorous mammal with soft fur, a short snout, and retractable claws.
собака;-;dog;-;A domesticated carnivorous mammal that typically has a long snout and an acute sense of smell.
сад;-;garden;-;A piece of ground adjoining a house, in which grass, flowers, and shrubs may be grown.
шапка;-;hat;-;A shaped covering for the head worn for warmth, as a fashion item, or as part of a uniform.
рука;-;hand;-;The end part of a person's arm beyond the wrist, including the palm, fingers, and thumb.
нога;-;leg;-;Each of the limbs on which a person or animal walks and stands.
гора;-;mountain;-;A large natural elevation of the earth's surface rising abruptly from the surrounding level.
озеро;-;lake;-;A large body of water surrounded by land.
чашка;-;cup;-;A small bowl-shaped container for drinking from, typically having a handle.
стіл;-;table;-;A piece of furniture with a flat top and one or more legs, providing a level surface for eating, writing, or working.
вікно;-;window;-;An opening in the wall or roof of a building or vehicle that is fitted with glass.
